README.md, before:

# react-microfrontends

This is my Code-along for the Udemy course: "Microfrontends with React a Complete Guide" by Stephen Grider

[Stephen Grider](https://stepstone3.udemy.com/user/sgslo/)

[Microfrontends with React a complete Guide](https://stepstone3.udemy.com/course-dashboard-redirect/?course_id=3604434)

[Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/)

## Branches

I will create multiple Branches for this repo, based on "new" examples/projects that do not build on a previous example. So each course-project will have it's own branch.

See all branches from the dropdown on Github.com or `git branch -a` in your terminal

## Key Concepts and Learning Points

I will add my key learning points and notes, to help me quickly reference these concepts, in the Wiki section of this repo.

To view the Wiki, click the Wiki-tab above or press `Ctrl` + `w`

## Notes and Comments

I will make 3 kinds of Notes and Comments, depending on what it appropriate.

### Inline Code Comments

These will be comments that I make, in the code, as I code along and feel it might make it easier to understand the specific line(s) of code

### Commit Comments

At the bottom of each commit (on Github) I will have some more detailed comments about important steps, worthwhile learning points and often some commands that might need to be run in the Terminal

At the very bottom of the Commit-comment, I'll add my own redumentary navigation to move between commits in order eh:

[◀️ Prev Commit]() | [Next Commit ▶️]()

The reason for this navigation is that I will try and make each commit as small as possible ie. after each new completed topic, sometimes even breaking up more complex topics into smallers steps. This makes it much easier for me to see in the Code Diff exactly which changes were applied to get that step working/complete.

### Inline Commit Comments

Unfortunately I know from experience that I sometimes I commit bugs, so I will, whenever I become aware of a mistake I pushed, comment in-line and make a note at the very line where the mistake is and make it clear what should have been committed.

If I do find the mistake before the next commit, I will usually do a small bug-fix commit to fix shit.

I may also use the inline commit comments to highlight very important learning points, so it's not always neccessary to `End`-key down to the botom of the commit so see the notes.

## Start Commit
[:octocat:](https://github.com/monello/react-microfrontends/commit/aa59b67299951397ec2f5b50ccb371c70c0bbce3)

Commit message:

Noting the branches in the README

README.md, after:

# react-microfrontends

This is my Code-along for the Udemy course: "Microfrontends with React a Complete Guide" by Stephen Grider

[Stephen Grider](https://stepstone3.udemy.com/user/sgslo/)

[Microfrontends with React a complete Guide](https://stepstone3.udemy.com/course-dashboard-redirect/?course_id=3604434)

[Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/)

## Branches

I will create multiple Branches for this repo, based on "new" examples/projects that do not build on a previous example. So each course-project will have it's own branch.

See all branches from the dropdown on Github.com or `git branch -a` in your terminal

## Key Concepts and Learning Points

I will add my key learning points and notes, to help me quickly reference these concepts, in the Wiki section of this repo.

To view the Wiki, click the Wiki-tab above or press `Ctrl` + `w`

## Notes and Comments

I will make 3 kinds of Notes and Comments, depending on what it appropriate.

### Inline Code Comments

These will be comments that I make, in the code, as I code along and feel it might make it easier to understand the specific line(s) of code

### Commit Comments

At the bottom of each commit (on Github) I will have some more detailed comments about important steps, worthwhile learning points and often some commands that might need to be run in the Terminal

At the very bottom of the Commit-comment, I'll add my own redumentary navigation to move between commits in order eh:

[◀️ Prev Commit]() | [Next Commit ▶️]()

The reason for this navigation is that I will try and make each commit as small as possible ie. after each new completed topic, sometimes even breaking up more complex topics into smallers steps. This makes it much easier for me to see in the Code Diff exactly which changes were applied to get that step working/complete.

### Inline Commit Comments

Unfortunately I know from experience that I sometimes I commit bugs, so I will, whenever I become aware of a mistake I pushed, comment in-line and make a note at the very line where the mistake is and make it clear what should have been committed.

If I do find the mistake before the next commit, I will usually do a small bug-fix commit to fix shit.

I may also use the inline commit comments to highlight very important learning points, so it's not always neccessary to `End`-key down to the botom of the commit so see the notes.

## Branches

-   main - The clean repo to branch each course project from
-   microfrontends-basic - Hosts the project used in sections 1 to 3 of the course
-   linked-multiple-apps - Hosts the project started in section 4 of the course
